c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll.config
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\DataVis.pdb
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.dll
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.pdb
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\vitalik\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataVis\DataVis\bin\Ninject.WebApi.DependencyResolver.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll.config
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.pdb
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.pdb
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Vitalik\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.WebApi.DependencyResolver.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.pdb
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll.config
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.pdb
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.WebApi.DependencyResolver.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\Interop.Microsoft.Office.Core.dll
C:\Users\Volodya\Documents\GitHub\ITA-dashboards\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll.config
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.pdb
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.WebApi.DependencyResolver.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\Interop.Microsoft.Office.Core.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.dll
E:\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.pdb
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll.config
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.pdb
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.WebApi.DependencyResolver.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\Interop.Microsoft.Office.Core.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.dll
C:\Users\nhopctc\Desktop\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\ITA-dashboards-html-templates.-Rewrited-widget-data-table\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.pdb
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll.config
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\DataVis.pdb
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.WebApi.DependencyResolver.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\Interop.Microsoft.Office.Core.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.dll
G:\DataVis_НайновішаРобочаВерсія\project\DataVis\obj\Debug\DataVis.pdb
